Q: Which version of Openbor do I need and which is the best option?
A: Any of the current stable Android, Windows and Linux versions will work. Wii and PSP will probably not work because this game has requirements that neither console supports; although you can try to compile it yourself, I will not support these consoles. However, the version I recommend the most for Windows is the one provided with the game, which is version 7123 by Kratus. I also recommend the 6392 by Kratus, and the latest 4.0 alpha, compiled for your system. You may need to use the .pak version of the game, which is provided separately, to load the games on your system instead of using the data folder, as is the case with Android.


Q: Doesn't this game have more characters, why do I only have the option to choose three with two variants each at the beginning?
A: You need to finish the game at least once to unlock all the characters. You will need to finish the game twice to unlock the tank.


Q: Why doesn't the game work for me?
A: It does not work on older versions of Openbor, or adapted to game consoles (Wii, Dreamcast or PSP), but it works on any Windows PC, Linux or Android device with Openbor versions 6XXX or higher. The version with the best performance is incorporated with the game download itself, specially designed and exclusive for Windows PC.


Q: Do I need a .pak file to start the game?
A: Not required, only for Android (which is provided as a download at this link https://www.youtube.com/toranks). The game will run on a Windows PC as you download it. On Linux, it will suffice to place your own executable in the same place, the directory path is identical.


Q: I have run out of lives and credits, what do I do?
A: Hidden throughout the game, although quite easy to find, there are runes whose codes will allow you to directly access these stages from the beginning. When you are in the tutorial screen in Antarctica, find the monolith where you enter the runes. That way, you will start from that point with all lives and credits intact.


Q: Why do the characters charge energy so slowly?
A: Compared to the previous version of the game, all the characters have been balanced according to their abilities and fighting pace. Also, in the final stages there is an item with which you can instantly charge energy. Try to use more of the moves that don't use energy, which are currently much more powerful, and reserve energy for specific moments, difficult opponents, or large concentrations of enemies.


Q: I don't know what to do, I'm lost and the game won't let me advance.
A: This playlist shows a complete walkthrough of the game in its version 2.5 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emaXzP-w-1c 
At the time of writing this FAQ, 3.0 is published, but despite the many new features, they have the same way of solving puzzles or secrets, so the guide is still valid.


Q: How does the system of points, lives, credits, combos and end of stage points work?
A: You get points by collecting any item other than an extra life or food, and by hitting enemies or obstacles.
You will get an extra life every 250,000 points.
A normal game is 3 credits to be shared between 1 to 3 players. That is, if a player spends one credit, the rest of the players will have one less credit available, and 3 players together will never be able to continue. There is no way to get more credits.
Combos do not increase the score you get by hitting, but only the maximum you get in each stage.
At the end of each stage, you will get 50,000 points multiplied by the stage number (the first number of the two that appear at the beginning of each stage). 15,000 points for each life you have at the end of the ´ñ`+ç+ç+ç+ç+ç+ç+ç+ç+ç+ç+ç+ç+ç+ç+ç+ç+ç+ç+ç+ç+ç+ç+ç+ç+ç+ç+çstage. And finally, 1000 points multiplied by the maximum number of combos obtained during the stage.


Q: I can't hit that enemy that is too low, or too slippery, or during certain moves, but in previous versions of the game I could. What do I do?
A: In versions prior to 2.X, all enemies, both tall and short, had similar hitboxes, so you could hit them with most normal hits. That's all changed, now there's great precision between physical bodies and the hits all characters give or take. If you want to hit that enemy, you must actually hit them with your arm, leg, energy wave, etc. somewhere on their body. Keep in mind that many enemies have different hitboxes in the air, on the ground, in certain moves, or are simply invulnerable in certain attacks, just like you. Analyze the movements of each enemy, AoF:TS is now a really tactical game, where strategy counts.


Q: I can't hit that enemy that is too short, or too slippery, or during certain moves, but in previous versions of the game I could. What do I do?
A: In versions prior to 2.X, all enemies, both tall and short, had similar hitboxes, so you could hit them with most normal hits. That's all changed, now there's great precision between physical bodies and the hits all characters give or take. If you want to hit that enemy, you must actually hit them with your arm, leg, energy wave, etc. somewhere on their body. Keep in mind that many enemies have different hitboxes in the air, on the ground, in certain moves, or are simply invulnerable in certain attacks, just like you. Analyze the movements of each enemy, AoF:TS is now a really tactical game, where strategy counts.


Q: Why are some doors so difficult to break?
A: They are meant for you to accumulate very high combos. Hit with moves that make weak and quick hits to raise the combo to 100 or more. You will need the reward, especially on high difficulties. The gates are harder the more players present. If you don't have patience and want to break them fast, the best way is a basic combo or most rotating special moves (J+A).
 
 
Q: How does the grabbing system work?
A: Certain enemies have grabs from which you can free yourself by pressing jump, attack, block and the four directions quickly, as in many arcade games. In the first instant, which lasts only one frame, if you press any of these buttons, you will be released immediately. It is very difficult to achieve this, so if you fail, a progress bar will appear to measure your button-pressing progress. You have to fill the entire bar to free yourself before the enemy finishes its movement.
There are several other factors to take into account. On higher difficulties, it is more difficult to break free from grabs. Also, many of them can hit you while you are trying to free yourself, so it is vital to be as fast as possible even if they don't hits the final blow. And finally, no enemy can kill you while performing these grabs, which means that if you have very low health, you will not lose any more health points unless you fail the release and you get their final hit.
Grabs that are not releasable with this system are not subject to these rules, once it has started, there is nothing you can do to prevent it. Beware of such grabs, and study them well to prevent them.


Q: What is the purpose of the rotation attack (J+A)?
A: Apart from their use as any other special move during which you are invulnerable, they have the special feature of being performed when an enemy has a hold on you, or you are being hit but not yet knocked down (pain animation). By performing the move, you will instantly free yourself from all your enemies around you, knocking them down, and many characters will also be able to perform a variety of actions. Hence the high cost that these moves usually have. However, they are extremely useful against enemies that cannot be knocked down, as they are hit again and again over a period of time. For example, Jack's wrecking ball.


Q: I can't get the sliding attack, or running dodge, right. How exactly is it done?
A: To do the sliding attack of many characters called "Running slide attack", you must press, while you are running: diagonal down/forward and jump (run d/f + j); as opposed to what the manuals showed in previous versions: run, down, and jump (run d + j).
You can dodge while walking and running if you hold the direction of movement and press twice the diagonal down or up, keeping the direction of movement pressed, depending on whether you want to dodge down or up (run f d/f f d/f f d/f) or (run f u/f f /u/f). After this movement you can continue running or walking if you keep the direction of movement pressed again. The manuals of previous versions showed this movement wrong.
Note that these moves are much more easily done with an arcade controller with joystick, like the one in the old arcade machines, and are very easy to perform once mastered, you don't need to be an expert. However, with a gamepad type controller it can be a bit more complicated.


Q: When I try to grab certain enemies, or obstacles, with a special move that includes grabbings, my character is instantly stunned and loses all the energy spent on the move. Why?
A: Some enemies, usually robots, and any physical object that is not an enemy, cannot be grabbed with this type of special move. Try not to make that mistake again, as you have received a hit from that electrified drone. You won't lose life, but you won't recover the spent energy either.


Q: Which hits use energy and which don't?
A: They will be indicated with a blue flame icon. If the energy expenditure is only on one of the hits in the sequence, the flame icon will be located on the button itself, instead of next to it.


Q: How do I know when I can be hit and when I can't be hit during a special move?
A: Moves without energy expenditure that always include invulnerability are side dodges, getting up after being knocked down and a few seconds later, some counter attack moves, attacks from the knocked down position, picking up any object from the ground, and of course the first few seconds after reviving. All moves, special or not, that have complete invulnerability during the whole move will be indicated with a black or white shield icon. Moves that have invulnerability only in the last hit of the sequence or the final hit after a temporary charge, will have a red or brown shield icon. Moves that have invulnerability from a hit will have a yellow fist icon highlighted. In all other moves you will be vulnerable at all times, but the hitbox is reduced according to the moves themselves if it is the case (duck, roll, etc.).


Q: This stage is too long! This enemy is too tough! I've seen something that shouldn't happen!
A: You can write to me at any of these places, the game is still in development, and I will focus mostly on incorporating new characters and fixing any bugs or balancing any difficulty or combat pacing according to the community's experience. Any suggestions or feedback is welcome:
youtube.com/toranks - facebook.com/toranks - davinci@toranks.es
